README.md, before:

# Gas Particle Model for Wind Field Construction
This is the Python library for wind field estimation based on gas particle model. The wind data are computed based on ADS-B and Mode-S using pyModeS library.

The original scientific paper was published at [7th Sesar innovation Days](http://www.sesarju.eu/sites/default/files/documents/sid/2017/SIDs_2017_paper_16.pdf).

---
First install `pyModeS` python library from `pip`:

```
$ pip install pyModeS
```

To use the particle wind model, a minimal example can be:

```python
from particle_model import ParticleWindModel
import pandas as pd

wind = pd.read_csv('data/wind.csv')
t0 = int(wind['ts'].min())

pwm = ParticleWindModel()
pwm.run(wind, tstart=t0, tend=t0+60)
pwm.plot_all_level()
```

To quickly test the model out of the box, try:

```
$ python run-recoded.py
```

or if you have access to a ModeSBeast raw stream on TCP port:

```
$ python run-realtime.py --server xx.xx.xx.xx --port xxxxx
```


Configurable model parameters (with defaults) are:

```python
pwm.lat0 = 51.99
pwm.lon0 = 4.37

pwm.AREA_XY = (-300, 300)           # km
pwm.AREA_Z = (0, 12)                # km

pwm.GRID_BOND_XY = 20               # +/- km
pwm.GRID_BOND_Z = 0.5               # +/- km

pwm.N_AC_PTCS = 500                 # particles per aircraft
pwm.N_MIN_PTC_TO_COMPUTE = 4        # number of particles to compute

pwm.CONF_BOUND = (0.0, 1.0)         # confident normalization

pwm.DECAY_SIGMA = 60.0              # seconds
pwm.NEW_PTC_XY_SIGMA = 4.0          # km
pwm.NEW_PTC_Z_SIGMA = 0.2           # km
pwm.PTC_DIST_STRENGTH_SIGMA = 30.0  # km
pwm.PTC_WALK_XY_SIGMA = 5.0         # km
pwm.PTC_WALK_Z_SIGMA = 0.2          # km
pwm.PTC_VW_VARY_SIGMA = 0.002       # km/s
```

---

## Example results

One minute simulation:
![simulation](data/screenshots/simulation.gif?raw=true)

Wind field from the sample dataset (snapshot at 11/01/2017 12:02)
![real-wind-field](data/screenshots/recorded_wind_field.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

change python support from 2 to 3

README.md, after:

# Gas Particle Model for Wind Field Construction
This is the Python library for wind field estimation based on gas particle model. The wind data are computed based on ADS-B and Mode-S using pyModeS library.

The original scientific paper was published at [7th Sesar innovation Days](http://www.sesarju.eu/sites/default/files/documents/sid/2017/SIDs_2017_paper_16.pdf).

---

## Dependent libraries

1. You must install [`pyModeS`](https://github.com/junzis/pyModeS) library for ADS-B and Mode-S decoding.
2. You may also install optional `geomag` library, to support the correction of magnetic declination in BDS60 heading.

```
$ pip install pyModeS
$ pip install geomag
```

## Code examples

To use the particle wind model, a minimal example in `run-recoded.py` is:

```python
from particle_model import ParticleWindModel
import pandas as pd

wind = pd.read_csv('data/wind.csv')
t0 = int(wind['ts'].min())

pwm = ParticleWindModel()
pwm.run(wind, tstart=t0, tend=t0+60)
pwm.plot_all_level()
```

To quickly test the model out of the box, try:

```
$ python run-recoded.py
```

or if you have access to a ModeSBeast raw stream on TCP port:

```
$ python run-realtime.py --server xx.xx.xx.xx --port xxxxx
```


Configurable model parameters (with defaults) are:

```python
pwm.lat0 = 51.99
pwm.lon0 = 4.37

pwm.AREA_XY = (-300, 300)           # km
pwm.AREA_Z = (0, 12)                # km

pwm.GRID_BOND_XY = 20               # +/- km
pwm.GRID_BOND_Z = 0.5               # +/- km

pwm.N_AC_PTCS = 500                 # particles per aircraft
pwm.N_MIN_PTC_TO_COMPUTE = 4        # number of particles to compute

pwm.CONF_BOUND = (0.0, 1.0)         # confident normalization

pwm.DECAY_SIGMA = 60.0              # seconds
pwm.NEW_PTC_XY_SIGMA = 4.0          # km
pwm.NEW_PTC_Z_SIGMA = 0.2           # km
pwm.PTC_DIST_STRENGTH_SIGMA = 30.0  # km
pwm.PTC_WALK_XY_SIGMA = 5.0         # km
pwm.PTC_WALK_Z_SIGMA = 0.2          # km
pwm.PTC_VW_VARY_SIGMA = 0.002       # km/s
```

---

## Plots

One minute simulation:
![simulation](data/screenshots/simulation.gif?raw=true)

Wind field from the sample dataset (snapshot at 11/01/2017 12:02)
![real-wind-field](data/screenshots/recorded_wind_field.png?raw=true)
